Hello everyone and welcome back to part a loop exercises.
So you've learned enough about loops it's time to do just a few exercises.
The exercises are located under the javascript level 1 folder and the file you're looking for is called
Part 8 underscore loops underscore exercise.
J.S..
And then there's also a solution's Javascript.
So make sure you don't peek at the solutions before attempting them on your own.
The next lecture I'll be walking through the actual exercise solutions.
So check out the javascript all the instructions are.
Comment code in that actual file.
Just open it up and follow the directions.
I'll see at the next lecture.